## Subresource Integrity

If you are loading Highlight.js via CDN you may wish to use [Subresource Integrity](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Security/Subresource_Integrity) to guarantee that you are using a legimitate build of the library.

To do this you simply need to add the `integrity` attribute for each JavaScript file you download via CDN. These digests are used by the browser to confirm the files downloaded have not been modified.

```html
<script
  src="//cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/highlight.js/11.9.0/highlight.min.js"
  integrity="sha384-9mu2JKpUImscOMmwjm1y6MA2YsW3amSoFNYwKeUHxaXYKQ1naywWmamEGMdviEen"></script>
<!-- including any other grammars you might need to load -->
<script
  src="//cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/highlight.js/11.9.0/languages/go.min.js"
  integrity="sha384-WmGkHEmwSI19EhTfO1nrSk3RziUQKRWg3vO0Ur3VYZjWvJRdRnX4/scQg+S2w1fI"></script>
```

The full list of digests for every file can be found below.

### Digests

```
sha384-0OZaeLK1yb5eP3nW4y0JP1fVharSrsuv/1mkI/6/8aRFm9laYIWIMXjCOqu+vRW5 /es/languages/c.js
sha384-G7WtwjMBNGrPly3ZsbPhfnT0v88hG3Ea9fQhrSWfzj7cNAsXsU7EKMQLyLGj7vTH /es/languages/c.min.js
sha384-Wjwd1YEG/PYlkLHTWIx+RlPK6XboMN3bEpveERJ8D8Z4RaNE02Ho19ZFrSRPGi0j /es/languages/cpp.js
sha384-Q4zTNH8WsDVdSZbiZtzWS1HmAUcvMSdTmth9Uqgfjmx7Qzw6B8E3lC9ieUbE/9u4 /es/languages/cpp.min.js
sha384-DA5ii4oN8R2fsamNkHOanSjuN4v7j5RIuheQqnxMQ4cFnfekeuhwu4IdNXiCf+UU /es/languages/css.js
sha384-OBugjfIr093hFCxTRdVfKH8Oe3yiBrS58bhyYYTUQJVobk6SUEjD7pnV8BPwsr8a /es/languages/css.min.js
sha384-WCznKe2n87QvV/L1MlXN+S8R6NPUQGU34+AqogMuWGZJswSD6rt3Mgih+xuKlDgm /es/languages/javascript.js
sha384-eGsBtetyKPDKaLiTnxTzhSzTFM6A/yjHBQIj4rAMVaLPKW5tJb8U6XLr/AikCPd+ /es/languages/javascript.min.js
sha384-rTufDmtZDbCaXsmgV+ApffWh+8kRBEMiQoB6BRsoKvf402NBZGR4xC2U8VrxHZ72 /es/languages/lisp.js
sha384-yR0v1Wvtd+8Y1TA+Tp5e+PEYgonMOQpp92Ox651UghHCxvLkEBAuEBWWCZqm9wGI /es/languages/lisp.min.js
sha384-PpU3S+yZJ1Gj2R7L/OgTgkKELQOf7F1VcbaAEJwSFSM9lw2ON2wxq1FvUcUlm9ne /es/languages/powershell.js
sha384-pBczxETXXX/Ne92jpBviT47DPiv27FLNtvs0aMZH3W7rYXdwgf1gWg3pH4NmNC2V /es/languages/powershell.min.js
sha384-dzLjhd9nNJH62idgKI1vZEKHRBtZXSgwWQdPR+emG7tfAN4BW2g+A5Xs2315Uxii /es/languages/shell.js
sha384-RKUoelG22/D7BV/bNpoGLNzdTgWRf/ACQX7y4BGyIzK6E+xUoXtm68WNQW2tSW8X /es/languages/shell.min.js
sha384-CS3qiWid6Sod3yAiQwgPzy2ZerR00u/cwhnMxQrETuI74o006r1p5qj1U9Gdo4uD /es/languages/typescript.js
sha384-HHgazax8ozQ9RDWlJQyaFzaTk/OgTFRVHH+lcaYInkE8wVu5fnpkqkB3KUdzKcvE /es/languages/typescript.min.js
sha384-OFoR8IZ+CFwcY8plx8HSDZNoCwLxc701CwdNGfoIEhSgwAbwhvInaxnEi3HYTt2Q /es/languages/xml.js
sha384-yFd3InBtG6WtAVgIl6iIdFKis8HmMC7GbbronB4lHJq3OLef3U8K9puak6MuVZqx /es/languages/xml.min.js
sha384-VZxKf0mjKYDwZIgrW+InqDfJ0YwYUFEMw/4YmpV1oKtVXFVmVq/Ga1vgq6zKTUqS /languages/c.js
sha384-mWenE7UXKnmYRcJ3mh+Os3iZ43BmFf9x3AZMM6gi/2sT6vxouPWspbTdREwWDO3w /languages/c.min.js
sha384-J4Ge+xXjXgzbK2FP+OyzIGHLfKU/RR0+cH4JJCaczeLETtVIvJdvqfikWlDuQ66e /languages/cpp.js
sha384-LMyrRAiUz6we2SGvYrwDd4TJoJZ+m/5c+4n4E64KVkfWFcZdlrs4Wabr0crMesyy /languages/cpp.min.js
sha384-r9czyL17/ovexTOK33dRiTbHrtaMDzpUXW4iRpetdu1OhhckHXiFzpgZyni2t1PM /languages/css.js
sha384-HpHXnyEqHVbcY+nua3h7/ajfIrakWJxA3fmIZ9X9kbY45N6V+DPfMtfnLBeYEdCx /languages/css.min.js
sha384-vJxw3XlwaqOQr8IlRPVIBO6DMML5W978fR21/GRI5PAF7yYi2WstLYNG1lXk6j9u /languages/javascript.js
sha384-44q2s9jxk8W5N9gAB0yn7UYLi9E2oVw8eHyaTZLkDS3WuZM/AttkAiVj6JoZuGS4 /languages/javascript.min.js
sha384-BlBnQIfBY+Ul2GpGcD6YIGJM0Ro0rrsR6dmWzQ4INqxG74whxz/Peg3du4VkiOXY /languages/lisp.js
sha384-+LHHMbAXOUlvquvrQZ9LW4KeR2nwcsh/lpp7xrWu7KuaDSGgAYBIdm8qCw97I1tq /languages/lisp.min.js
sha384-BW3J/7iREOC3EuqJwzGkDJb6FY9bVvkt70ipieV892fYAp8uReDMiO0/lrUPmkzL /languages/powershell.js
sha384-LWJZQx0dgGhEK7snfNYrQs5K+QKD1sOmE02sOQCz4br9UmqSJDvPLoUVFaUyFnjq /languages/powershell.min.js
sha384-KW3ZDReTAemYUfVHvH1MNQ/v6agCYYdMGdMteP/yVV+NetIJeDMx0ruUMTbr/SD3 /languages/shell.js
sha384-PDEMny3uYpCrSKwqVGLAwqCsc9u+9hYXauxVPqO6RXmlxSNKLoRByEBigU5lahmK /languages/shell.min.js
sha384-yZXtQC/OmWoPykosK7vE1nCvV4E/six6+apjNau4JwBkejkea5nP7VBEJJkGnvoF /languages/typescript.js
sha384-ORwtVEfrCZ0gzGacgmfv1wOtxcPIaVfHKwq8dKQjObRwx3qpKjsSg1ldTu1PEgXd /languages/typescript.min.js
sha384-+PuZYFfVX2UQZU2yKt/FsJUZNUPzZWxW7auXltsaecr1xLvzBYF3c5gYoyOs1++x /languages/xml.js
sha384-jgkY4GMNWfQcLLIoP1vg3FWXflDrRhcSXGBW6ONIWC2SOIv5H1Pa57sXs+aomCuZ /languages/xml.min.js
sha384-Ct6IpdwDprR2MR5ksQvZTFeX5kaw6gBGVqlE+pt5ie7Fstk15X4NNMwLsr1VIULc /highlight.js
sha384-eVCzNK8Ngx7hxz0drmbHQV6ABmadRB4RUNIyPwdaCVIFuwjKYlkYLlPFXF4AFU/O /highlight.min.js
```

